DOC-14059_NodeJS_FTS to Search_name change (#297)
couchbase/docs-sdk-nodejs: modules/howtos/pages/full-text-searching-with-sdk.adoc

== Scoped vs Global Indexes

The Search APIs exist at both the `Cluster` and `Scope` levels.

> This is because Search Servicels -l supports, as of Couchbase Server 7.6, a new form of "scoped index" in addition to the traditional "global index".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because the Search Service supports, as of Couchbase Server 7.6, a new form of "scoped index" in addition to the traditional "global index".
```

Author: Thanks for catching the Typo/mistake. Glad. Corrected.
